As a final step for this lesson.
We'll take a look at moving all of our code over into
a module that anyone can easily use to make recommendations.
We will want the module to contain a class,
that we can import and use to make
recommendations in much the way you've interacted with scikit-learn.
You will want to be able to instantiate, fit,
and predict a rating without having to think about
the struggle you just went through to build out your recommendation system.
There are a lot of different ways you might choose to structure your code,
and you are now getting to the point in this program
where there aren't really right answers.
At the end of writing your class you should be
able to take the reviews and movies datasets,
fit your recommendation system and make a predicted rating for
user-movie combination and also provide
a recommended list of movies for any user ID that you're given.
There might be reasons to structure your class in any of a number of ways.
Feel free to be creative with your own solution to
create something completely different than the template allows.
This is an open-ended task.
See what you can put together